feat!: Remove deprecated context methods (#17698)
eslint/eslint: docs/src/extend/custom-rules.md

* `getDeclaredVariables(node)`: Returns a list of [variables](./scope-manager-interface#variable-interface) declared by the given node. This information can be used to track references to variables.
    * If the node is a `VariableDeclaration`, all variables declared in the declaration are returned.
    * If the node is a `VariableDeclarator`, all variables declared in the declarator are returned.
    * If the node is a `FunctionDeclaration` or `FunctionExpression`, the variable for the function name is returned, in addition to variables for the function parameters.
    * If the node is an `ArrowFunctionExpression`, variables for the parameters are returned.
    * If the node is a `ClassDeclaration` or a `ClassExpression`, the variable for the class name is returned.
    * If the node is a `CatchClause`, the variable for the exception is returned.
    * If the node is an `ImportDeclaration`, variables for all of its specifiers are returned.
    * If the node is an `ImportSpecifier`, `ImportDefaultSpecifier`, or `ImportNamespaceSpecifier`, the declared variable is returned.
    * Otherwise, if the node does not declare any variables, an empty array is returned.

> * `getScope()`: Returns the [scope](./scope-manager-interface#scope-interface) of the currently-traversed node. This information can be used to track references to variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `getScope(node)`: Returns the [scope](./scope-manager-interface#scope-interface) of the given node. This information can be used to track references to variables.
```

Also, we can remove this line:

https://github.com/eslint/eslint/blob/ba87a0651a65b52c3ac442b512dd9f4c2b4c5f57/docs/src/extend/custom-rules.md?plain=1#L790

> * `markVariableAsUsed(name)`: Marks a variable with the given name in the current scope as used. This affects the [no-unused-vars](../rules/no-unused-vars) rule. Returns `true` if a variable with the given name was found and marked as used, otherwise `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `markVariableAsUsed(name, refNode)`: Marks a variable with the given name in a scope indicated by the given reference node as used. This affects the [no-unused-vars](../rules/no-unused-vars) rule. Returns `true` if a variable with the given name was found and marked as used, otherwise `false`.
```

Also, we can remove this line:

https://github.com/eslint/eslint/blob/ba87a0651a65b52c3ac442b512dd9f4c2b4c5f57/docs/src/extend/custom-rules.md?plain=1#L839

    * If the node is an `ArrowFunctionExpression`, variables for the parameters are returned.
    * If the node is a `ClassDeclaration` or a `ClassExpression`, the variable for the class name is returned.
    * If the node is a `CatchClause`, the variable for the exception is returned.
    * If the node is an `ImportDeclaration`, variables for all of its specifiers are returned.
    * If the node is an `ImportSpecifier`, `ImportDefaultSpecifier`, or `ImportNamespaceSpecifier`, the declared variable is returned.
    * Otherwise, if the node does not declare any variables, an empty array is returned.
* `getScope()`: Returns the [scope](./scope-manager-interface#scope-interface) of the currently-traversed node. This information can be used to track references to variables.
* `markVariableAsUsed(name)`: Marks a variable with the given name in the current scope as used. This affects the [no-unused-vars](../rules/no-unused-vars) rule. Returns `true` if a variable with the given name was found and marked as used, otherwise `false`.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
